These study questions are good to get an overview of how snowflake works.

  a) What are the main components of Snowflake's architecture?
Database Storage, Query Processing, Cloud services

  b) Explain the role of the storage layer in Snowflake.
When data is loaded into snowflake it is automatically loaded in a specific way into Snowflake's storage layer.
It is organized, optimised, compressed, file formatted, encrypted etc.
The storage layer hosts data, tables, queries, metadata, indices, etc.
It is S3, Blob, Cloud Storage.

  c) What is the purpose of the compute layer in Snowflake?
This is where your quieres are actually being executed, it is the virtual warehouse. 
There is no permanent storage. It is a cluster of CPU, memory, and disk. 


  d) How does the cloud services layer enhance the functionality of Snowflake?
Where all the intelligent functions happen, the "brain" of snowflake.
It authenticates users, manages the cluster, optimized query execution, encrypts and orchestrates.
Runs on compute nodes that are stateless and spans the entire datacenter.
They manage metadata and security as well.
It helps with the automatic scaling for example.


  e) What is a virtual warehouse in Snowflake, and how does it differ from a traditional data warehouse?
they can be stopped and started at any time, and quereies can be started and stopped at any time.
You can also increase or decrease the computing capacity AT WILL, so if you are running a large query
and it is taking too long you can scale it up temporarily and then scale it down again.
Auto-suspend suspends queries after a certain time. Auto resume ? idk.

A virtual warehouse in snowflake is a cluster of copmpute resources working against the data stored in 
Snowflake cloud servies to execute queries.

The difference between a virtual warehouse and a physical one is that in a virtual warehouse, computation
and storage are handled separately. The data is in the cloud layer and the computing happens
in the virtual warehouse/computing layer.
In a physical warehouse this is all handled by the same static and combined entity.

In a virtual warehouse, resoures can be allocated on demand and can be suspended or resumed automatically.
Physical warehouses have an upfront cost of for example hardware. Virtual warehouses 
have a pay as you go situation.



  f) When are the cases you would want to scale up versus scaling out in terms of virtual warehouses and compute resources.
Scaling up is appropriate when you want to handle larger amounts of data but in  few calculations.
You get more computing power but they can not handle many parallel queries.
In this case you purchase a larger warehouse.

Scaling out is for when you want to run several, smaller parallell processes simultaneously.
In this case you purchase more clusters.


  g) How does Snowflake's pricing model differ from traditional on-premise data warehousing solutions?
It is pay-as-you-go, you only pay for the storage and computing you are actually using and
you can scale this as both aspects are flexible. There is no/low upfront cost.
On-prem on the contrary often has an upfront hardware cost and is not typically flexibally scalable.


  h) What is the difference between pay-as-you-go and upfront storage, and when you should you choose one over the other?
It is described above. I would use pay-as-you-go if my data needs are wildly varying during different
times, and up-front if I already know about how much I would be using. If I have a predictable usage,
with a lot of virtual machines running all the time, there could be savings in discounts in upfront
storage. You also have a guaranteed capacity in case of a storage supply problem,
 which might not be the case in a pay-as-you-go-solution.


  i) Explain the concept of Time Travel and Fail-safe in Snowflake and its use cases
  They are data protection features.

  Time-travel involves the ability to yourself activate a saved version of your dataset and recover it
  from a specific time in the past. 
Failsafe is the same concept but involves contacting snowflake support for the recovery
of your data. The support team, if they can help you, will provide you with a script for
recovering your lost data. Failsafe covers more of the past, so if you have to recover data
that you can't time-travel back to, failsafe is your only option.